content/about/experience.md, before:

+++
title = 'My Experience'
draft = false
layout = 'experience'

[[experience]]
title = "Site Reliability Engineer (SRE)"
company = "Coming Soon"
company_logo = ""
company_url = ""
employment_type = "Full-time"
duration = "Feb. 2026 - Present · 1 mos"
start_date = "2026-02"
location = "Puebla, Mexico · Hybrid"
description = ""
skills = []

[[experience]]
title = "CTO & Co-Founder"
company = "GoSoft"
company_logo = "/images/gosoft_logo.jpg"
company_url = "https://www.gosoftsolutions.com/"
employment_type = "Full-time"
duration = "May 2025 - Present · 10 mos"
start_date = "2025-05"
location = ""
description = """Helping clients in every step of their software development journey including program, product, architecture, development, security and production support.

#More than technology. An experience.
Got an idea in mind? Learn more at gosoftsolutions.com"""
skills = ["Program Management", "Product Development", "Architecture", "Software Development", "Security", "Production Support"]

[[experience]]
title = "Cloud Engineer"
company = "Nike"
company_logo = "/images/nike_logo.jpg"
company_url = "https://about.nike.com/en/"
employment_type = "Full-time"
duration = "Aug. 2024 - Present · 1 yr 7 mos"
start_date = "2024-08"
location = "Remote"
description = """Cloud Engineer within the Retail Technology team, contributing to the design, development, and operation of cloud-native solutions on AWS supporting large-scale retail and supply chain systems. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to translate business and operational requirements into scalable, secure, and highly available cloud architectures.

Automated infrastructure provisioning and operational tasks using Infrastructure as Code (IaC), improving deployment consistency, reliability, and operational efficiency. Applied AWS best practices to ensure performance optimization, security, and cost efficiency across retail cloud workloads."""
skills = ["Amazon Web Services (AWS)", "Infrastructure as code (IaC)", "Kubernetes", "Serverless", "DevOps"]
parent_company = "Nike"

[[experience]]
title = "Technical Cloud"
company = "Nike"
company_logo = "/images/nike_logo.jpg"
company_url = "https://about.nike.com/en/"
employment_type = "Full-time"
duration = "Aug. 2024 - Dec. 2025 · 1 yr 5 mos"
start_date = "2024-08"
location = "Beaverton, Oregon, United States"
description = """Cloud Engineer within the Retail Technology team, contributing to the design, development, and operation of cloud-native solutions on AWS supporting large-scale retail and supply chain systems. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to translate business and operational requirements into scalable, secure, and highly available cloud architectures.

Automated infrastructure provisioning and operational tasks using Infrastructure as Code (IaC), improving deployment consistency, reliability, and operational efficiency. Applied AWS best practices to ensure performance optimization, security, and cost efficiency across retail cloud workloads."""
skills = ["Amazon Web Services (AWS)", "Infrastructure as code (IaC)", "Kubernetes", "Serverless", "DevOps"]
parent_company = "Nike"

[[experience]]
title = "MLOps Engineer"
company = "Mirai Innovation Research Institute"
company_logo = "/images/mirai_innovation_logo.jpg"
company_url = "https://www.mirai-innovation-lab.com/our-work/"
employment_type = "Full-time"
duration = "Feb. 2025 - Jun. 2025 · 5 mos"
start_date = "2025-02"
location = "Osaka, Japan · On-site"
description = """Initiated and led the transition of machine learning models from research to production in the cloud, designing the first MLOps workflows on AWS for the team in Japan. Built and deployed cloud-native pipelines to operationalize machine learning workloads, enabling real-time data processing and inference in a production environment.

Designed scalable and secure AWS architectures for model training, deployment, monitoring, and feedback delivery, integrating computer vision and speech processing systems to provide personalized insights and improve overall systems performance."""
skills = ["Amazon Web Services (AWS)", "MLOps", "Serverless", "Artificial Intelligence", "Computer Vision"]

[[experience]]
title = "Software Engineer"
company = "Quantum Automation MX"
company_logo = "/images/quantum_automation_mx_logo.jpg"
company_url = "https://www.quantumautomationmx.com/"
employment_type = "Full-time"
duration = "Jan. 2022 - Dec. 2023 · 2 yrs"
start_date = "2022-01"
location = "Puebla, Mexico · Hybrid"
description = """Designed and developed cloud-native and serverless solutions on AWS for industries such as Logistics (Supply Chain), Airports, and Robotics, applying Clean Architecture principles to build maintainable, scalable, and testable systems. Built event-driven architectures that automated complex processes and enabled secure integration between physical systems and cloud infrastructure.

Applied AWS best practices to optimize performance, security, and cost efficiency, delivering reliable automation platforms and real-time data processing across distributed environments."""
skills = ["Amazon Web Services (AWS)", "DevOps", "Scripting", "Databases", "Project Management"]
+++

Commit message:

Restructure Nike experience section with company header and sub-positions

content/about/experience.md, after:

+++
title = 'My Experience'
draft = false
layout = 'experience'

[[experience]]
title = "Site Reliability Engineer (SRE)"
company = "Coming Soon"
company_logo = ""
company_url = ""
employment_type = "Full-time"
duration = "Feb. 2026 - Present · 1 mos"
start_date = "2026-02"
location = "Puebla, Mexico · Hybrid"
description = """Cloud Engineer within the Retail Technology team, contributing to the design, development, and operation of cloud-native solutions on AWS supporting large-scale retail and supply chain systems. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to translate business and operational requirements into scalable, secure, and highly available cloud architectures.

Automated infrastructure provisioning and operational tasks using Infrastructure as Code (IaC), improving deployment consistency, reliability, and operational efficiency. Applied AWS best practices to ensure performance optimization, security, and cost efficiency across retail cloud workloads."""
skills = []

[[experience]]
title = "CTO & Co-Founder"
company = "GoSoft"
company_logo = "/images/gosoft_logo.jpg"
company_url = "https://www.gosoftsolutions.com/"
employment_type = "Full-time"
duration = "May 2025 - Present · 10 mos"
start_date = "2025-05"
location = ""
description = """Helping clients in every step of their software development journey including program, product, architecture, development, security and production support.

#More than technology. An experience.
Got an idea in mind? Learn more at gosoftsolutions.com"""
skills = ["Program Management", "Product Development", "Architecture", "Software Development", "Security", "Production Support"]

[[experience]]
title = "Cloud Engineer"
company = "Nike"
company_logo = "/images/nike_logo.jpg"
company_url = "https://about.nike.com/en/"
employment_type = "Full-time"
duration = "Aug. 2024 - Present · 1 yr 7 mos"
start_date = "2024-08"
location = "Remote"
description = """Cloud Engineer within the Retail Technology team, contributing to the design, development, and operation of cloud-native solutions on AWS supporting large-scale retail and supply chain systems. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to translate business and operational requirements into scalable, secure, and highly available cloud architectures.

Automated infrastructure provisioning and operational tasks using Infrastructure as Code (IaC), improving deployment consistency, reliability, and operational efficiency. Applied AWS best practices to ensure performance optimization, security, and cost efficiency across retail cloud workloads."""
skills = ["Amazon Web Services (AWS)", "Infrastructure as code (IaC)", "Kubernetes", "Serverless", "DevOps"]
parent_company = "Nike"

[[experience]]
title = "Technical Cloud"
company = "Nike"
company_logo = "/images/nike_logo.jpg"
company_url = "https://about.nike.com/en/"
employment_type = "Full-time"
duration = "Aug. 2024 - Dec. 2025 · 1 yr 5 mos"
start_date = "2024-08"
location = "Beaverton, Oregon, United States"
description = """Cloud Engineer within the Retail Technology team, contributing to the design, development, and operation of cloud-native solutions on AWS supporting large-scale retail and supply chain systems. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to translate business and operational requirements into scalable, secure, and highly available cloud architectures.

Automated infrastructure provisioning and operational tasks using Infrastructure as Code (IaC), improving deployment consistency, reliability, and operational efficiency. Applied AWS best practices to ensure performance optimization, security, and cost efficiency across retail cloud workloads."""
skills = ["Amazon Web Services (AWS)", "Infrastructure as code (IaC)", "Kubernetes", "Serverless", "DevOps"]
parent_company = "Nike"

[[experience]]
title = "MLOps Engineer"
company = "Mirai Innovation Research Institute"
company_logo = "/images/mirai_innovation_logo.jpg"
company_url = "https://www.mirai-innovation-lab.com/our-work/"
employment_type = "Full-time"
duration = "Feb. 2025 - Jun. 2025 · 5 mos"
start_date = "2025-02"
location = "Osaka, Japan · On-site"
description = """Initiated and led the transition of machine learning models from research to production in the cloud, designing the first MLOps workflows on AWS for the team in Japan. Built and deployed cloud-native pipelines to operationalize machine learning workloads, enabling real-time data processing and inference in a production environment.

Designed scalable and secure AWS architectures for model training, deployment, monitoring, and feedback delivery, integrating computer vision and speech processing systems to provide personalized insights and improve overall systems performance."""
skills = ["Amazon Web Services (AWS)", "MLOps", "Serverless", "Artificial Intelligence", "Computer Vision"]

[[experience]]
title = "Software Engineer"
company = "Quantum Automation MX"
company_logo = "/images/quantum_automation_mx_logo.jpg"
company_url = "https://www.quantumautomationmx.com/"
employment_type = "Full-time"
duration = "Jan. 2022 - Dec. 2023 · 2 yrs"
start_date = "2022-01"
location = "Puebla, Mexico · Hybrid"
description = """Designed and developed cloud-native and serverless solutions on AWS for industries such as Logistics (Supply Chain), Airports, and Robotics, applying Clean Architecture principles to build maintainable, scalable, and testable systems. Built event-driven architectures that automated complex processes and enabled secure integration between physical systems and cloud infrastructure.

Applied AWS best practices to optimize performance, security, and cost efficiency, delivering reliable automation platforms and real-time data processing across distributed environments."""
skills = ["Amazon Web Services (AWS)", "DevOps", "Scripting", "Databases", "Project Management"]
+++
